#summary Release Notes for past versions of Sequel Pro
#labels Featured

=Release 0.9.3 _Release Candidate_2 available as of December 17, 2008_=

[http://dl.getdropbox.com/u/398270/sequel-pro-0.9.3-release-candidate-2.dmg Download Release Candidate 2]


 * We welcome three new programmers to the team: Mark Townsend, Rowan Beentje, and Stuart Connolly. Thanks guys!
 * Sequel Pro is now much faster when working with large data sets.
 * Fixed a data corruption issue with TEXT and BLOB data types.
 * Table fields can now be reordered in the structure view.
 * Enhanced the import interface including an improved CSV field mapping interface.
 * Searching in browse mode is no-longer “real time”, to improve usability over slow connections.
 * Reloading the view in browse mode will now preserve view position, sorting and filters.
 * Table information pane is now functional.
 * Console is now more space efficient.
 * Now have a shortcut key to show/hide the console.
 * Improved growl support.
 * Improved keychain password storage.
 * Can now quit Sequel Pro when a connection sheet is open.
 * Improvements to favorite query system (more to come).
 * Fixed a bug when renaming a connection favorite.
 * No-longer show busy animation in all connection windows when only one connection is actually active.
 * Fix issue where favorites are not selected when they're created.
 * Cancelling a connection is now more reliable.
 * All export modes are now faster, use less memory, and show progress more accurately.
 * CSV exports are now neater and no longer export NULL strings, exporting a blank cell instead.
 * Can now export all data in the current table regardless of limit settings via a new export menu item.
 * SQL exports now export TEXT and BLOB types correctly and are much faster to import.
 * Other clean-ups and improvements.


=Release 0.9.2 _October 21, 2008_=

 * Fix bug where data will be truncated if you edit a varchar containing more than 100 characters
 * Fix bug decimal value are sometimes treated in hexadecimal (causing data corruption)
 * Default value for "limit rows" preference is now 1000 rows instead of unlimited
 * Added show/hide toolbar and customize toolbar menu items
 * Clean up some menu items in the File menu
 * Misc other changes

=Release 0.9.1 _September 17, 2008_=

 * "Add Database..." added to Database popup button
 * "Add to Favorites" checkbox removed
 * Fixed formatting issue in Credits.rtf
 * Show/Hide Console & Clear Console Toolbar items now enable properly
 * Symlinks in MySQL Framework were damaged - file size down to 5 MB from 8 MB
 * Tables List split view now saves its width
 * Focus ring removed from Favorites Table in connect sheet
 * Turned on alternating rows
 * Turned off allow multiple selection
 * Changed Add and Remove Buttons to show standard plus and minus images instead of text.
 * Growl Support Added
 * Add, Remove, and Renaming of favorites now possible in connect sheet
 * Added localisation for TABLES and TABLE INFORMATION
 * Fixed Credits
 * Added grabber images
 * Removed small icon of table and replaced with new one
 * Added "Checksum Table" to MainMenu
 * Added extra splitter grab handles
 * Add Software Update checking

=Release 0.9 _August 5, 2008_=

 * redesign user interface for connect panel
 * code improvements for favorites system
 * code improvements for menu validation system
 * 256x version of icon for better quality in cover flow
 * create new database menu and remove add/remove buttons from main window
 * UI tweaks around table select view and it's buttons
 * Replace tabs with toolbar buttons to make the	app feel more modern
 * move database	select menu out	of window into toolbar
 * more intelligent default names when creating a new favorite
 * now using normal size	scroll bars
 * nicer looking tables	list
 * table information pane
 * move	console	commands into view menu
 * now has an x86 build	for improved performance on intel macs
 * Misc. other user interface changes
 * Misc. code clean-ups

=Release 0.8 _April 12, 2008_=

 * Rebrand project as Sequel Pro (name change, author changes, icon change)